In this tutorial I'm going to explain how to collaboratively share files on the TeamBox using the app 'File Sharing'...
This app allows you to share files in your group
as well as to access the collaboratively created pictures, mind maps, spreadsheets and texts on the TeamBox.
The overview can be displayed in two different ways: you can choose betwen large icons or al list of all shared files.
By drapping your files to the green drop area you can upload files. You can also click on it wich shows you as list of files on oyur computer to upload.
In addition you can create folders.
First you have to navigate to that folder if you want to upload anything there.
Of course, you can delete files, edit their names and there is the possibility to open text and pictures in your browser
You can download a file by clicking on its name
- to save a complete folder as an archive you can click the download-button.
If you want to move files, you have to enable this mode in the menu. Now you can chose the file
and move by selecting a folder in the drop down menu.
If you're still looking for help with other apps on the TeamBox you can find other tutorials here...
Ich wünsche Dir und Deiner Gruppe noch viel Spaß beim Arbeiten mit der TeamBox!